every holiday season my mother and my
family go to great measures to decorate
the house top to bottom and that is
something that has gone on since I can
remember we also have dickens village it
just is this remake of the village that
Charles Dickens wrote about in his
famous novel A Christmas Carol and
there's neat little houses you'll have
Tiny Tim and his dad and then Scrooge's
workplace and just different little
figures that are really really
interesting and my brother and I we have
our own trees my tree is it's kind of
wild and crazy but I'm kind of wild and
crazy so it kind of matches me and has
some monkeys on it and peace ons on it
and some peacock feathers coming out
every whichaway I spend so much time or
room I you know have dif different parts
in my room I have the you know whereas
you know my bedroom that part has my TV
in there but then I have up to decide
this little office key club area that
I've spent quite a bit of time I just
like the government room kind of just
like my little safe haven relax and
stress out called board members just
different things it's just definitely my
favorite place read a good book when I
get stressed out at home I normally
crank up the iTunes listen to whatever's
on and just try and breathe a little
when that doesn't work I just try and
tackle whatever I've got to do so I just
trying whenever I'm stressed out just
bring a little bit make a list of all I
have to do and then just do it I would
say it's half full because
at this year I I learned a lot about
myself as I was running for
international president the the process
itself was just kind of demanding and
all the things that you have to do to
get ready for it but you know with each
trip that I take was with each person
that I encountered I learn a lot just a
kind of what I can do and you know for
the world around me and not just what I
can do but what the people I come in
contact with can do and at that
experience it's just very gratifying
it's not I don't feel like I'm losing
yeah I'll be sad when this year is over
but I feel that if I do what I can now
that I'll you know leave my mark and
move on and just be really happy with
what I've done I hope that key club will
be very much expanded in numbers I would
love to see a lot of international
growth I think there's a lot of
possibility there and but i also like to
say just the quality experience for each
member i think that sometimes we can
focus a lot on the international and the
numbers and that's you know those are
very important things but if we don't
really enhance that quality experience
for each key club member than I don't
really see that we've gained much so you
know I want my ultimate goal is to see
key club being a household name that
everyone can relate to and everyone see
you know when they see key club they
recognize it as that club with service
and inspiration for leaders of tomorrow